Walmart's plan to invest $2.5B in employees and $2B in e-commerce over the next two years will negatively impact earnings. A reasonable entry point, however, does not eliminate a possible volatility in stock prices in the short term. Amazon's story has been one of unparalleled success, with the firm going from strength-to-strength over the past two decades. It maintains inventory and sells products with a mark-up directly through its online store and also provides a platform to third-party retailers while charging a small commission. Walmart has a 40-year history of increasing dividend payouts with a dividend yield of 3.03% at the current price. Amazon's belief in "failing fast" has driven investment in several products and services, such as the Fire Phone and Amazon Destinations, which have not yielded expected returns. Doug McMillon, current President and CEO of Walmart, leads a strong management team to deliver Walmart's mission of "saving people money so they can live better." It has been able to generate consistent profits and pay increasing dividends through efficiency in purchasing, distribution and store operations. Since going public in 1997, Bezos has believed that if Amazon grows revenues, the stock will take care of itself. This signals that Walmart is currently selling at an 'everyday low price', which we believe is a reasonable entry point for long-term investors. However, post 2018, these investments are estimated to yield significant returns and enable the firm to reward investors. Its current ace-in-the-hole, Amazon Web Services, is estimated to grow from $7B today to $46B by 2020. Additionally, Amazon offers a subscription based model through its Prime service as well as a small electronics product line. The company's mission is "to be the Earth's most customer-centric company." Earnings will also be impacted by capital expenditures of over $23B for store improvements. Amazon Amazon is the world's largest online retailer, with extensive operations in North America and is now increasing global presence. Today its business model has several moving parts. Walmart Walmart is a discount retailing company that operates retail stores, supercenters, warehouse clubs, Sam's club, and websites - walmart.com and samsclub.com. Under his leadership, Walmart is bringing together its stores, logistics network and e-commerce capabilities to empower customers to shop "whenever, wherever and however" they want. Walmart's scale and price competitiveness will further ease the firm's transition into this omni-channel model. It has over 11,400 retail units in 27 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. Walmart's P/E ratio, currently at 12.27, is extremely attractive and has ranged between 13.3 and 18.2 for the past decade. It operates as Walmart in the U.S. and Puerto Rico, Walmex in Mexico, Asda in the UK, Seiyu in Japan and Best Price in India. Amazon started as an online book retailer but rapidly diversified into a host of other product categories. Finally, Amazon provides cloud infrastructure to enterprise customers through Amazon Web Services. Over the decades, Walmart has consistently outperformed other retailers in both profitability and growth. The marketplace includes websites such as amazon.com, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.co.jp and amazon.in. 1. BUSINESS MODELS 1.1. Jeff Bezos founded Amazon.com in 1994 and is the CEO and Chairman of the Board.